[Music]
I'm going to show you how to create a
beautiful Bardot ponytail inspired by
Brigitte Bardot but it's been seen
recently on celebrities like Beyonce and
Angelina Jolie first thing you need to
do is get a tail comb and on the top of
your head you want to create a rough
diamond kind of shape so leave your
friend out if you've got a friend
otherwise leave a section of hair
probably about four fingers wide and
from your hairline to the back brush
edge and then come down to a point on
each ear and leave a section just above
the ear and then come down to a point
towards the nape of your neck but
leaving a section underneath again so
you've almost got this sort of halo
shape around of hair that you've left
out and then clip the top section out of
the way for now then you want to clip
the underneath section out of the way
take your top section down
and then starting at the back take a
section across clip out of the way spray
with hairspray and then with the narrow
dressing brush back brushing brush just
tease the reaps and then gently smooth
the top out by tilting your brush onto
the side so you don't take the back
brushing out underneath and split that a
pen and then smooth the hair back over
tilt your brush to the side again and
just smooth that top layer of back
brushing out then just keep working up
the head and a couple of centimeters
deep sections wide from point to point
and back brushing all the way up when
you finish the whole of the diamond
section just gently twist that up and
out of the way and then clip and secure
into place then release your underneath
sections and a little bit of the smooth
and finished serum on your hands teeny
tiny bare and then into your hands like
a hand cream so palms between your
fingers and backs of your hands and that
way just smooths it and distributes it
really evenly over your hands and then
just using your fingertips bring these
sections underneath back take the
underneath sections up and over your
back brushing as well so all that back
brushing you're sitting in here
underneath
so bring the underneath section back
with your fingers really gently into a
ponytail just on the opposite call bane
and then you want small band same color
as your hair and tie that into a
ponytail the tighter you make this the
smoother it will be at the sides if you
keep it a little bit loose that you'll
get a rough soft texture on the sides of
the hair so it just depends how many you
want your finished result to be release
your top back brush section and then
again using your fingers to keep the
texture in the hair pop one hand
underneath your ponytail and then use
your other hand to bring that back to
the same position once you've got that
fitting how you want it use your mirror
to just check that the shapes right put
your hand around both ponytails and then
tie another bubble around there then
just use your fingertips to just shape
the back brushing on top and then take a
little bit of hair from underneath chain
pull bit of back brushing and then just
use that to hide the band and then
secure that end with a grip
and then with this little bit that's
left here you can just tuck that into
the back brush egg so it's hidden and
then I just like to take hairspray to
finish off and then you can just scrunch
in a little bit more textures and again
just soften the ponytail for a little
bit more of a natural feel and that's
the Bardot ponytail
[Music]